and what's up guys it's Sam or extras
and got another live commentary for you
using the mp5k with m93 raphy cos as my
secondary sleight of hand Scott in power
and steady aim no need to probe this
game because of the fact that I'm using
the m93 raphy cos and not quite as
effective not quite as good as the GA
teens but if you steady aim on them the
spread is not as wide a little tighter
spray and definitely makes them a lot
more effective we got around this corner
called it
a couple guys below me Oh oops whoa whoa
this guy yeah I was gonna say is that a
guy on my team or the other thing or
what's up I was a guy underneath the
fountain right now he totally didn't see
me awesome good stuff that was a little
tactical move by me I guess take out
this guy sitting in the corner make sure
he has a headache oh no oh no it's not
going good
oh thank you
I could have gone very poorly oh my God
look how many teammates are in this
building with me for this four guys in
here sorry guys I just woke up and my
voice is a little mm I don't know like
yeah a little groggy I got morning voice
so yeah you guys can probably tell
though this is rapid-fire on it blinged
out with silencer and rapid fire that's
pretty tight what how did they get a
Harrier none of them even have seven
kills one of them has six kills it's
probably a care package isn't it a knife
son I am picking up the regular UMP
because I whoa I didn't even see that
guy right there I picked up the regular
UMP because I don't particularly like
rapid-fire puts too much recoil on a gun
not that recoil is a bad thing on guns
and the saying when you have the option
of no recoil or little recoil it's a
little bit better
I know it's newbie to be using a low
recoil gone but still it's mono warfare
- so everything's newbie all right so I
have a paper right now the reason I'm
calling is because Harriers shoot down
pay blows and chopper gunners the case
you guys didn't know that so I don't
want to have that up in the air at the
same time as an enemy paid law but now
it's gone so whoa-ho fail fail fail that
almost ended badly
whoa again Betty
oh my god oh dude I'm getting so lucky
right now I get this is lock sided ow
well there's some luck involved oh man
oh my god oh all right you know what
that is some terrible luck that I ran
into a guy with final stand but still
all those good kills I got totally makes
up for it that was pretty nice little
streak I just went on there I'm gonna
jump on these desks or don't take as
much damage did they have another
Harrier coming in hiding in this corner
hopefully yes just a precision airstrike
sorry guys false alarm sorry don't you
love that though when you see that
symbol and you're like fuck a Harrier
and then you're like oh wait a second
never mind just the precision airstrike
false alarm and then you're like yeah
dude fucking I thought I was gonna have
to deal with some major air support and
turned out just to be a wimpy little
precision airstrike now to use the
precision airstrike enough it's probably
a pretty decent you know kill streak on
certain maps leave a comment do you guys
use precision air strike what do you
think about it why don't why don't a lot
of people use it what not I don't know
just a simple question answer it if you
feel like it
see if I can snipe him oh that's some
bad luck oh alright my teammate got a
triple kill congrats to him no cheese
isn't not gonna end well yeah I'm gonna
get sniped if I sit there
we're just generally you know picked off
oh man one more kill come on let me get
it let me get it
another precision air strike whoa oh
wait this one might be a Harrier oh
alright good stuff anyway final scores
thirty three and one that's a pretty
damn good game I think hope you guys
enjoyed it my only death unfortunately
was from a guy in final stand but
nonetheless a good game I hope you guys
will please like the video because I'm
producing a lot of content and it it
makes me a little bit it tickles my
insides when you guys like videos I
can't lie
so I appreciate it I'll see you guys
later peace out